com/mygdx/game/Debug.java
 com.mygdx.game.Debug
com/mygdx/game/BaseGame.java
 com.mygdx.game.BaseGame
com/mygdx/game/UserInterface.java
 com.mygdx.game.UserInterface
 com.mygdx.game.UserInterface$1
 com.mygdx.game.UserInterface$2
 com.mygdx.game.UserInterface$3
 com.mygdx.game.UserInterface$4
 com.mygdx.game.UserInterface$5
com/mygdx/game/LevelScreen3.java
 com.mygdx.game.LevelScreen3
com/mygdx/game/screens/AbstractScreen.java
 com.mygdx.game.screens.AbstractScreen
com/mygdx/game/enemies/Ghost.java
 com.mygdx.game.enemies.Ghost
com/mygdx/game/Player.java
 com.mygdx.game.Player
com/mygdx/game/Skeleton.java
 com.mygdx.game.Skeleton
com/mygdx/game/BaseActor.java
 com.mygdx.game.BaseActor
com/mygdx/game/BaseScreen.java
 com.mygdx.game.BaseScreen
com/mygdx/game/Bush.java
 com.mygdx.game.Bush
com/mygdx/game/SetupManager.java
 com.mygdx.game.SetupManager
com/mygdx/game/Solid.java
 com.mygdx.game.Solid
com/mygdx/game/entityComponents/entityDirection.java
 com.mygdx.game.entityComponents.entityDirection
com/mygdx/game/Coin.java
 com.mygdx.game.Coin
com/mygdx/game/Enemy.java
 com.mygdx.game.Enemy
com/mygdx/game/MyCamera.java
 com.mygdx.game.MyCamera
com/mygdx/game/DungeonCrawler.java
 com.mygdx.game.DungeonCrawler
com/mygdx/game/LevelScreen2.java
 com.mygdx.game.LevelScreen2
com/mygdx/game/Dragon.java
 com.mygdx.game.Dragon
com/mygdx/game/Hero.java
 com.mygdx.game.Hero
com/mygdx/game/BaseLevel.java
 com.mygdx.game.BaseLevel
 com.mygdx.game.BaseLevel$1
com/mygdx/game/EnemyProjectile.java
 com.mygdx.game.EnemyProjectile
com/mygdx/game/SkeletonArcher.java
 com.mygdx.game.SkeletonArcher
com/mygdx/game/Sword.java
 com.mygdx.game.Sword
com/mygdx/game/Instructions.java
 com.mygdx.game.Instructions
 com.mygdx.game.Instructions$1
com/mygdx/game/FireBall.java
 com.mygdx.game.FireBall
com/mygdx/game/LevelScreen.java
 com.mygdx.game.LevelScreen
com/mygdx/game/EnemiesManager.java
 com.mygdx.game.EnemiesManager
com/mygdx/game/enemies/AbstractEnemy.java
 com.mygdx.game.enemies.AbstractEnemy
com/mygdx/game/Projectile.java
 com.mygdx.game.Projectile
com/mygdx/game/screens/GameScreen.java
 com.mygdx.game.screens.GameScreen
com/mygdx/game/Renderable.java
 com.mygdx.game.Renderable
com/mygdx/game/TilemapActor.java
 com.mygdx.game.TilemapActor
com/mygdx/game/MenuScreen.java
 com.mygdx.game.MenuScreen
 com.mygdx.game.MenuScreen$1
 com.mygdx.game.MenuScreen$2
com/mygdx/game/BigDragon.java
 com.mygdx.game.BigDragon
com/mygdx/game/BaseHealth.java
 com.mygdx.game.BaseHealth
com/mygdx/game/Entity.java
 com.mygdx.game.Entity
com/mygdx/game/DCGame.java
 com.mygdx.game.DCGame
com/mygdx/game/Slime.java
 com.mygdx.game.Slime
